Readme: clarify layer usage and maintenance strategy (#1612)
mendersoftware/meta-mender: README.md

For instructions on using this meta layer as part of a Yocto build environment, please see [the Mender documentation](https://docs.mender.io/system-updates-yocto-project).

## Maintenance strategy

The repository follows the release-named branch strategy.

### Current branch state

> This branch `master` is in **development** maintenance.

Reviewer: I wouldn't say "this" branch, because we will eventually branch out and this README will end up in other branches.
```suggestion
Branch `master` is in **development** maintenance.
```

Following that reasoning, I don't know what to do with the title "Current branch state" :thinking: Is your idea to modify this README in every branch and keep it up to date forever?

Author: This readme addition is actually intended to go to all branches, to name their respective states right away, exactly.

Reviewer: Ok.

### Maintenance states

A branch can be in one of the following maintenance states:

| State | Maintenance level |
| :---- | :---------------- |
| bleeding edge | Expect breakage as we're working on things. No guarantees for functionality at any given point in time. |
| development | Development once it has stabilized is applied here. Not recommended for production, breakage is considered a bug and will be fixed. Feature submissions should always be applied here first. |
| stable | Ready for production. Stability takes precedence over features. |
| end of life | No maintenance. Expect increasing security problems and breakage. Updating to a stable branch is highly recommended. |

> 

Reviewer 2: @TheYoctoJester 
This is just the groundwork terminology which will later be mapped to different branches?

Author: @TheMeaningfulEngineer exactly that.

Reviewer 2: I don't get the `bleeding edge`.
The only thing I can think of as `bleeding edge` at the moment are the actual forked branches people work with, but that's to expensive to maintain in this readme.

How do you see `bleeding edge` used?

(Also @oleorhagen @lluiscampos )

Reviewer: `bleeding edge` is our `master-next` for example, for where we don't run any CI tests nor nothing. Use at your own risk.

Author: `master-next` is the `bleeding edge` poster child. Might or might not work as people think it does.

Reviewer 2: Makes sense, didn't know we had a `master-next`.
Thanks, resolveing.

* `meta-mender-raspberrypi-demo` (Raspberry Pi 3 demo-board modifications)
* `meta-mender-qemu` (QEMU emulator board support)

> Commercially available add-ons are available through the `meta-mender-commercial` layer. See the [Readme](meta-mender-commercial/README.md) for further information.

Reviewer: Not only add-ons, but software in general,
```suggestion
Commercially available components are available through the `meta-mender-commercial` layer. See the [Readme](meta-mender-commercial/README.md) for further information.
```

Author: @lluiscampos sounds good!
